Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- So what you're telling me
Syfal.
is that you haven't seen or
heard anything
out of the ordinary lately?
- (heavy breathing) Cayla
please.
I'm telling you the truth.
I have not seen
anything.
- And you are certain
you haven't seen anybody
who may of looked odd uh?
- No. no I haven't seen
anything out of the ordinary.
Cayla please!
I don't want to die!
- Sil has seen this man in his
visions.
so I know he's somewhere near.
And you were given a simple task
of keeping your eye open
and nose to the ground.
- I'm telling you the truth.
(footsteps crunching)
I haven't heard anything.
- And I understand information
can be elusive at times. I get
that.
But what I don't get is
why you would do business
with the resistance.
those underground shits
who think that they can
overthrow Sil. your new Lord!
- Wait Cayla. please!
(heavy breathing)
(Cayla laughs)
- You think we wouldn't find
out?
- (groaning) Please!
Cayla please. I was trying
to get information for you.
- Shut up you lying shit!
(Syfal screams)
- I never liked you Syfal.
I would of slit your
throat a long time ago
but Sil found your influence
useful.
All you were to do was
to keep an eye on things
and report back and in return
your family stays safe.
But what do you do?
Go and mingle with a
bunch of has been soldiers
who think that they can
overthrow a God!
Are you mad?
(thudding)
- Commander. he claims
to have seen two people
running from the forest.
- So child. tell me what you
saw.
- I was chasing down a weasel
for food
when I saw two people run from
the forest.
- Did they run past you?
- No. I was about 100 feet
behind a tree
when I noticed them.
- You said they ran out
of a forest. which forest?
- The Forest of SiKoran.
(heavy drum beat)
- Are you sure it was SiKoran?
- Yes
- What did they look like?
- They were too far for me to
see.
but one had on a black
jacket with a hood and he was
pulling someone else behind him.
- Pulling?
- Yes!
They were running pretty fast.
- Why were they being chased?
- I don't know. I didn't
see anyone behind them.
(forboding music)
- You shit!
All this time you knew!
(sword whooshing)
- No. no.
(splattering)
(footsteps crunching)
- (sighs) Get up!
(sword scraping)
Is that all you saw?
- Yes Ms. Korvesian.
- If you're lying to me
about any of this boy.
I'll gut you and feed you to my
dogs.
Do you understand?
- Ye. Yes Ms. Korvesian.
- Good. what's your name?
- Orin.
- Orin. you will take over
Syfal's role.
Find information on any
nearby resistance groups
and what roles Syfal played in
them.
You have two weeks to report
back to me.
Is that clear?
- Yes. yes thank you Ms.
Kovesian.
I won't let you down.
- Of course. your life depends
on it.
Go. begin!
(footsteps crunching)
- LyGon-Ril-Cylus-CorRegin!
(clashing)
(electric zapping)
(grunting)
- Ah.
Hmm.
(dramatic chord)
(blade whooshing)
(squelching)
- Ah!
(thuds)
- All of you. listen up!
I am Cayla Korvesian.
commander of Sil's army.
And you are now under the
rule of the new republic.
Sil's republic!
Your days of freedom are over!
We decide what you can and
cannot have!
cannot do!
Your fate lies with us!
Do you understand?
- [All] Yes.
- I can see in your eyes you
want me dead.
Well I want you dead too
but my king has plans.
If any of you decide to
run off. I will personally
hunt you down and hang your
body parts from the trees.
Do you understand?
- [All] Yes.
We own you!
(footsteps)
(upbeat music)
(door clicking)
- What?
Monica. damn. can somebody
have a moment of peace?
- What are you doing in a
bar this early in the morning
during working hours?
- For your information.
the owner let me in here
and technically it's not open.
Anyways. how the hell did you
find me?
- That's what I do!
Anyway. where is your little
friend Eric?
- I don't know. you're his boss
shouldn't you know?
and all I got was his
corny little voicemails.
- Well there you go. maybe
he got lucky and overslept.
He did catch a nice one last
night.
- Pff!
- What. you jealous?
- Ah no. it's just disgusting
how you guys
see us as catches.
- Yes we see them as catches.
I didn't say anything about you.
- Oh shut up!
If you hear from him.
tell him to see me pronto.
if he doesn't want to get
written up.
Oh and also. Mills has some more
reports
he needs him to do.
- More work?
He's already swamped with the
work you gave him yesterday.
- Yeah well not much I can do.
Mills is trying to save his ass
by getting these reports ready
for his presentation next month.
- At Eric's expense?
Unbelievable!
- Like I said. not much I can
do.
- Whatever. if you're done.
can I get back to work please?
You're killing my vibe girl.
- Vibe?
You're not even suppose
to be listening to music
on the job anyway. let alone in
a bar
during working hours.
- Shoo. go so I can get my work
done.
- Shoo?
You don't shoo me.
You think you can just wave your
hand
and I'll go running away 'cause
you wanna listen to music
and act like you're doing work?
In a bar?
(laughs) Who do you think you
are?
Prince?
- Monica. you know I still
have that photo of you
back in your experimental
college days.
- Oh. don't you dare Jimmy.
you better give me that photo.
- Then you let me get back to
work
and you leave Eric alone.
- Fine. whatever!
But I'm still watching you.
- Ew!
- F-U Jimmy!
- Ooh. whoever she is Eric.
I hope she's worth it.
(upbeat music)
(footsteps tapping)
(door clicking)
(electric zapping)
- Must you keep throwing me
around?
- What is. what is this. what is
this?
- Good. the king's coming
through.
(footsteps tapping)
- What were those things
that attacked me in the forest.
huh?
Sofia. is that even your real
name?
What is going on?
(footsteps tapping)
- Things that attacked you in
the forest
are called The Children.
mastered by an evil sorceress
named Sidra.
Eric. I'll explain more later.
I just need you to be quiet and
be still.
(bottle clinking)
Here. have a drink!
(footsteps tapping)
- Sofia I...
Oh. I'm sorry I didn't
realize you were changing.
- Eric please. haven't
seen a woman before?
- Well yeah of course. I
didn't want you to think--
- Alright. alright. stay where
you are
if it makes you feel better.
(fabric crinkling)
(zipper zips)
(footsteps tapping)
- Wow. um.
- Let me properly introduce
myself.
My name is Sofia Hayden. army
commander of The City of Merc.
your city Sire. and my duty
is to help you get your memory
back.
- My memory back. my memory is
just fine.
I clearly remember you
slapping me on stage.
- That I did. but I'm here
to help you remember your true
self.
- What?
- Please. sit down.
Let me explain.
- Uh. uh. oh on the floor?
- Yes Eric. on the floor.
- How do you feel?
- Well. I mean. I mean. how.
how am I supposed to feel?
Okay. I am trapped in a theater
with you
and all I want to do is go home.
- Do you feel any comfort at
all?
- No!
- Are you feeling stronger?
- No Sofia I don't!
- Okay. let me explain.
You are on a planet
named Ressear. our Mother
and you are not really Eric
Wilson.
You are the reincarnation of
a King named Zhayian Crehin.
Lord of Merc. master of
the Nebtonian art form.
You ruled over the Eastern
sector 2000 years ago.
- Wait. wait. hold on.
So your saying that this is not
Earth
but a planet called Rosser.
- It's pronounced Ressear.
- Okay. alright. yes. so if
that's true.
how did I get here?
Do you own a spaceship or
something?
- No. I bridged you over.
- Bridged me over. you mean
like beam me up Scotty?
- Something like that. just more
organic.
- Okay. yeah.
- Don't mock me Eric. this is
not a joke!
A great soldier and good
friend gave his life
creating this bridge to find
you!
- I'm sorry. I am sorry.
- His name was Akinnis. remember
that!
He was the only one that
believed in prophecy.
He believed in you.
- Alright alright.
- We have a new threat.
(fire flickering)
A gifted warlock named Yahzeel
who's taking over most of
Ressear.
(screeching)
Combine forces and take over
both Ressear
and your planet. Earth.
- Why does he need Yahzeel?
- Because he can't do it
himself.
(whooshing)
Only Yahzeel
(background screeching)
has the power and intellect to
do so.
- And so you think that
I can help with this?
- Of course. you're Lord Crehin.
But you can't do it yourself.
You need to find the other three
and assemble the Royal Four.
- The Royal Four?
- Yes. that is how the
citizens began to call you
after you defeated Yahzeel.
- Look Sofia. look. lo.
I am no hero king. okay.
and this world that you
live in doesn't even
sound like a place that I
wanna be a part of. okay?
I am just Eric Wilson an
analyst. alright?
And thanks to you. I--
- Okay.
I'll take you back. but let
me do this one first. okay?
- This is the Stone of Essence.
After you guys defeated Yahzeel.
you had the four of you insert a
part
of your essence into this stone.
- Why?
- To help find you in your new
bodies.
in case a great evil
threatens our Mother again.
And only someone strong
and pure of heart would
be able to command it.
- So I'm guessing you're the
strong and pure of heart.
- So far.
- To be sure that you're Lord
Crehin.
I need to see if your blood
flows
with our Mothers energy.
- Wha. wait. hold on. so you
plan on
cutting me open or something?
- No. I just need you to stay
seated
and if this doesn't work.
I promise. I will take
you back myself. okay?
(clicks tongue)
(sighs)
- Alright. fine. let's get this
over with.
- Keep your palms closed.
(Sofia softly chants)
(ominous music)
(loud whooshing)
(grinding)
Ooh! (groaning) stop
please. please stop. stop!
(heavy breathing)
(gentle music)
- No. no.
But the stone glowed.
Maybe I was in the right area
but I had the wrong guy.
So why?
(heavy breathing)
All I have to do
is take him back
(digital zapping)
and look for a more robust man.
Yeah.
(electric zapping)
- Gom BY Ronen Boa!
(loud bang)
(heavy thud)
- Ah!
(heavy breathing)
- Go Ron Bi Corr Vel Oa!
(loud bang)
Where's my wife?
Where is my son?
Speak maggot!
- I brought you back
Speak!
- Our Mother is in great danger.
We need you to help
assemble the Royal Four!
- What do you know of us?
- I know you are heroes.
You saved our Mother from
Yahzeel
and you created the Stone
of Essence to find you.
- Only the strong and pure of
heart
can find the Stone of
Essence and wheel its power.
Is this you?
- Yes sire.
- Then show me my stone.
- Here is the Stone of Essence.
(dramatic music)
- (exhales sharply) It's
been a long time my friend.
I can still feel us all in here.
Let's find our comrades.
- Sire?
- Who are you and what is your
title?
- I'm Sofia Hayden. army
commander of your kingdom Merc.
- Army commander?
- Yes sire.
- What day and age is this?
- 21st century sire.
- Interesting.
If you are who you say you are.
show me your soldiers mark.
- Army commander. good to meet
you.
Now who's this creature
that threatens our Mother?
- His name is Sil.
He's taken over many
lands and plans on finding
and resurrect Yahzeel.
- (loud crunching) Yahzeel!
What does he know about Yahzeel?
- I believe he wants to use him
to take over--
- Yahzeel cannot be used.
He cannot be reasoned with.
That's why we buried
his corpse so far down.
There nobody--
(loud bang)
(voices whispering)
Ooh!
Who are these people in my head?
(loud whooshing)
Get out of my head!
(screaming)
(whooshing)
(loud banging)
Ah!
By Loe Bor. Ah!
(loud whooshing)
- Sofia!
(groaning)
What are you doing?
(loud bang)
- Gah!
(loud whooshing)
- Sire. sire. sire?
Sire. sire.
Hm.
Welcome home sire.
(birds tweeting)
(footsteps crunching)
(heavy breathing)
(foreboding music)
- They're close.
(low growling)
(tense music)
(growling)
(suspenseful music)
(creature growling)
(dramatic music)
- You were one of us?
Oh my god.
What has Sil done to you?
To us?
If I had known brother...
Rest.
and may Mother find you a
peaceful vessel.
(dramatic music)
(hisses)
(growling)
(bones cracking)
- [Soldier] Lord. are you
alright?
(dramatic music)
- Commander. it's Lord Sil.
- Yes. my love.
- Where are you?
- I just leaving Syfal.
- Good.
Meet me at the northern end
of SiKoran by the bridge.
- SiKoran. why in--
- Cayla. just be there!
- What is it?
- He wants us to meet him in
SiKoran.
- SiKoran. why?
- I don't know.
but if he insists. it must be
important.
(phone ringing)
- Ahh. Vowlan. I haven't heard
from you in quite some time.
You better have good news for
me.
- [Vowlan] Yes. my lord.
we have got Yahzeel.
- Are you sure it's Yahzeel?
- [Vowlan] It is him.
- Are you positive?
- [Vowlan] Yes. I am very
positive.
- Good work Vowlan. very good.
Make sure to secure the area.
- [Vowlan] But there was a
problem.
SiKoran has woken.
- What?
- [Vowlan] He's killing
everyone.
- I'll take care of it.
You just make sure nothing
comes near that site.
You understand!
- [Vowlan] Yes. I do.
(dramatic music)
- Where did you learn
to fight like that. boy?
- Fight like what?
I was just trying to defend
myself.
- Don't lie to me.
Where did you learn to fight
like that?
Who trained you?
What is your species?
- I. I'm just a villager. I
swear.
That goon was trying to kill me.
okay.
I just did what came natural.
- Exactly!
Common villagers don't
fight like that. unless
they're some type of spy.
Are you this.
a spy.
villager?
Are you some sort of resistance
groupie
hoping to bring back the good
old days?
(laughs)
Maybe I should open you up
and spill your hope all over the
ground.
- Please. Miss. I'm not a spy
for the--
- It's Lieutenant Kryst to you.
boy.
- I'm sorry Lieutenant.
But I'm not a spy for the
resistance.
I'm a spy for the New Republic.
- Really?
How so?
- Commander Korvesian
tasked with a mission.
I'm supposed to locate any
nearby resistance groups
and report back to her.
- Commander Cayla Korvesian
task you with a mission?
- Yes.
I'm supposed to infiltrate their
ranks
and find out what my town leader
knew
and report back to her.
- What sector are you from?
- The western sector.
- That's Syfal's area.
How you plan to do this
without him knowing?
- He's dead.
Cayla killed him.
- That would make it easier.
Does the Commander know
about your fighting skill?
- No. I don't have one.
Look. I've seen your
soldiers fight before.
I just tried a few moves and got
lucky.
- Moves like that are not built
with luck.
You'll come with us and I'll
find out who you really are.
- Please. Lieutenant. please
I have to complete this mission.
otherwise my village is
gonna be slaughtered.
- That is not my concern.
Guard.
(dramatic music)
(phone keys beeping)
- [Quilinresh] This is
Supreme World Alliance.
- Hello Quilinresh.
I'm needing to schedule
an emergency meeting
with the committee tonight.
- [Quilinresh] Ooh. it's
kind of last minute.
I don't know if I can--
- I'm sure you can gather them.
- [Quilinresh] Well. you
know tomorrow is the event--
- Yes. yes. I know Kyten is-
- Good.
so they don't really want any
disturbance during this time.
- Cut me off again. Quilinresh.
and I will send Cayla to visit
your family tonight instead.
- [Quilinresh] What about 9:00
p.m.?
- Yes. 9:00 p.m. will be
perfect.
- [Quilinresh] Good.
- We'll be dining in the Red
Chamber.
- [Quilinresh] Then I'll
go and contact them.
- Good. see you there.
- Lieutenant. please listen to
me.
If I was to come with you.
and Commander Korvesian finds
out
that you interfered with a
mission
directly instructed by her.
how is that gonna look on you?
You really want to take that
chance?
She's known as The Daughter of
Demons.
Do you really wanna gamble with
her?
- Guard.
call headquarters.
Confirm the story.
- Lieutenant. they do not
know anything about this.
- Of course they wouldn't.
I just came from her an hour
ago.
- Call the Commander!
- Directly?
We're normally not allowed to--
- Shut up and just do it!
(phone ringing)
- No one's answering.
- It's your call. Lieutenant.
- I know it's my call!
Just shut up and let me think!
Fuck!
Okay.
spy!
Go ahead and complete your task.
But if I find out you're lying
to me...
- Thank you. Lieutenant.
- Don't thank me.
You just better be right for
your sake.
Keep a tag on him.
As soon as he reaches the
resistance.
send me his coordinates.
It's time for things
to change around here.
(dramatic music)
- [Guard] Lord Sil.
[Both] My love.
- My beautiful demons. tell
me. what have you learned?
- Not much.
out of this forest by
someone in a black cloak.
- Who saw him?
- A young boy from Syfal's
village named Orin.
- Was Syfal aware of this?
- [Cayla] He was. but he lied
about it.
- [Sil] Where is he now?
- Still in the barn with a
severed head.
- Good.
Anything on the Resistance?
- No. but I gave that young Orin
a task
to find out what he can
and report back to me in two
weeks.
- [Sil] Are you so sure
you can trust this kid?
- If he wants a family to come
back to.
Besides. no one knows Syfal's
dead beyond that barn.
The Resistance will just
look at him as some loner.
- And from what we gathered.
the king's protector may have
taken him
to the northern sector of the
city.
- Well. you may not
need to concern yourself
with his location any longer.
I've just had a very clear
vision of him running down a
road
alone.
- Can you see which road he's
on?
- No. which is why I brought you
here.
As you know.
we stand in the mighty Forest of
SiKoran
grown from the ashes of the
legendary monk
Reynu SiKoran himself.
thousand of years ago.
His roots run deep within
Mother.
linking us all in millions of
ways.
I can use his essence to
find their exact location.
- My love. entering into
an immortal's essence pool
is suicide.
It's too dangerous.
It's pull is too strong.
It could drain you till you're
dead.
- Il-Roserious is right.
You very powerful my love.
but SiKoran is one of the Five
Immortal Wonders of Ressear.
No one has ever survived
after tampering with their
essence pool.
- None of them were me.
It is time for SiKoran
and all life on Ressear
to know that I am a God!
(creature growling)
Stay down you wicked creature!
I am your Lord now!
(creature growling)
(speaking in foreign language)
You listen to me now Reynu!
(creature screeching)
(growling)
Down creature!
- My Lord you...
What you did was...
The power running through your
body
would have killed the
strongest of art forms.
How do you feel?
- I feel marvelous!
SiKorn's essence is everything I
imagined.
And now he belongs to me.
He's under my control.
- Do you need anything?
- Yes.
I need for you to bring me
the king's head in a bag
and place it on my table.
I wanna be able to look him in
the eyes
While I enjoy my meal.
- Did you happen to see where he
is?
(dramatic music)
- The king is headed for the
Ti Forest on the west end.
He'll be there within the hour.
- You should join us my love.
It will be fun.
- You go enjoy yourselves.
I have much to do.
But hurry. we're having company
tonight.
A new era has begun.
(tense music)
(dramatic music)
You thought you can hide Yahzeel
from me.
didn't you SiKoran?
Do you need help. miss?
You answer to me now.
(growling)
Once I revive Yahzeel
and learn the art forms of the
Royal 4.
I will be a god among gods.
(dramatic music)
Ressear.
(Fire swoosh)
Earth.
and all living things will bow
before me.
(dramatic music)
- Hello?
Are you okay?
My name. my name is Eric.
Do you need help. Ms. Um...
- Well. hello.
(dramatic music)
(Eric grunting)
- Who are you people?
Are you with Sophia?
- Sophia?
I don't know any Sophia. but I
know you.
My Lord says you are one of the
legendary Royal 4.
- Look. I don't know what you're
talking about. okay?
I am no king.
- How did you know we were
talking about kings?
- Does it matter?
Okay?
I am not part of no Royal 4.
- Yes you are. yes you are.
Sil says you are the
reincarnation. one of the kings.
So which one are you?
- (grunts) Look. this is just a
big misunderstanding. okay?
I was held--
(shushing)
(Cayla sniffs)
- You do smell different.
- (grunts) Ah. bitch.
- No. my name is Cayla.
(ominous music)
You are special.
I've never tasted blood from an
ancient before.
You could say you're my first.
(metal scraping)
(Eric grunting)
You haven't realized yet. but
before you do.
Sil wants your head back in a
bag.
Of course. I'd prefer to keep
you as my pet.
but such is life.
(whizzing)
(dramatic music)
- Sire. stay behind me.
- Did you just hit me with a
rock?
That wasn't very nice.
So what do we call you?
- My name is Sofia Hayden. army
commander of Merc.
- The City of Merc?
I thought we buried all you
cockroaches.
- [Sofia] As long as I still
breath.
Merc lives. Cayla Korvesian.
- Oh. so you know me?
- Of course. a sadistic bitch
with daddy issues.
- Well. I killed daddy. so he's
not an issue anymore.
Look. let's get this over with.
shall we?
Hand over your king and I'll let
you live.
- So let's get it over with.
Talingol byne kon-yet.
(fire roaring)
(whooshing)
So what they say is true about
the Korvesians.
Your bloodline is resistant to
chants.
- Well. this isn't fair.
You know quite a bit about me.
but I've never heard of you.
Sofia Hayden.
- Commander Hayden to you!
(pistol firing)
(metal clanging)
- Girl. if you wanna piece of
me.
you're gonna have to do it the
old fashion way.
- Then. so be it.
(suspenseful music)
(swords clanging) (tense music)
(thuds) (Cayla grunts)
(swords clanging)
(thuds)
(Sofia grunts)
(inhales sharply)
(swords faintly clanging)
- The king is over there.
I'm gonna go get the king. you
help Cayla.
(tense music)
(thuds)
(Sofia sighs)
- Come on soldier. you're not
gonna let
a little tap on the jaw stop all
this fun.
(swords clanging)
(suspenseful music)
- Come on. girl.
Don't let a little push on the
jaw stop all this fun.
(swords clanging)
(thuds)
(Sophia grunting)
- Sofia. watch out!
- By day or by night. I raise my
sword to the light.
I raise my sword to fight.
To protect the kingdom of Merc.
as mother as my might.
(Tenan yells)
(thuds)
(whooshing) (scraping)
(gurgling)
(whooshing)
- Commander. you're all clear!
Kick her ass!
You alright?
- Yeah. yeah.
- Behind you. behind you!
(tense music)
- Ah. the famous Tenan Fy.
(Tenan grunts)
(thuds)
(tense music)
- I see you're still on the
wrong side of things--
- Don't!
She's dead.
I'm now IL-Roserious.
Quinsentian leader.
better known as the Painted
Guard.
And I am gonna make certain that
you fall!
- How did it come to this?
- My eyes are open. Tenan.
Wake up!
The Nebtonian life is over!
This world belongs to Sil now.
Accept it or die. Tenan.
- Okay. fine.
You choose to die by the hand of
an old friend.
then come on!
(dramatic music)
(blades whooshing)
(swords clanging)
(thuds)
(grunts)
- Your skin can't hold up
against my blades forever.
Tenan!
(grunts)
(blades whooshing) (thuds)
(suspenseful music)
(thuds)
(whooshing)
(blades whooshing)
(Painted Guard yelling)
- Fuck!
(Painted Guard grunts)
(Tenan grunts)
(thuds)
(Tenan yells)
(blades whooshing)
(thuds)
- Tam-ki-yian!
(whooshing)
(booming explosion)
(ominous music)
(Painted Guard yells)
(grunting)
(panting)
(whooshing) (thuds)
(metallic rattling)
- Look. I don't know how you
are.
but you seem to be the reason
for all this.
Stay down and don't move.
- [Eric] Okay. okay.
- And if I catch you trying to
leave. I'll kill you.
- [Eric] Understood.
- Okay? - Yeah.
(tense music)
(thuds)
- Threesome. huh?
Okay.
(Cayla yells)
(Tenan grunts)
You're a Croarthian!
No matter. I'll find your weak
spot
and I'll gut you all over this
forest!
(low zapping)
- Great shot. Chip!
- Hey. guys!
There's a guy. he's hurt.
So. you're alright?
- Yeah. yeah I think so.
- What's your name?
- Eric. Eric.
- So your gonna thank me. Eric?
- Yeah. yeah. thank you for
picking me up.
- No. for saving your life.
- Saving my life?
- Yeah. she was waking up.
She was gonna kill ya.
- Yeah. yeah. thanks.
- You're welcome.
- We must kill her.
She's too dangerous to survive.
- I know.
Now go help your king.
I'll be there in a minute.
- [Tenan Voiceover] King?
What king is she talking about?
- When I kill you. I want you to
know it's me.
Until then. Cayla.
- [Tenan] Sophia!
(tense music)
(footsteps quickly rustling)
(rustling)
(inhales sharply)
- Get off me!
Take two of your men and head
that way.
There are four of them.
Bring me back the odd one.
- Yes. Commander.
You and you. come with me.
- Commander. Lord Sil requests
you come home immediately.
He's scheduled a meeting with
the committee.
- Fine.
Bring me my car.
(ominous music)
(whooshing)
(birds calling)
(heavy footsteps)
(chants words)
(mysterious booming)
- Come on. come on!
(chants words)
- [Man] Akinnis!
Akinnis!
- [Goon] Are you trying to
build a bridge to Earth?
That's a myth. soldier!
Those rebels filled your head
with talk of a sister planet.
Akinnis. do what's right.
and vow your allegiance to Sil.
- I am getting really tired of
seeing your ugly face. Goon!
(battle music)
(roaring)
(chants words)
- [Goon] Akinnis. you really
think this will stop you?
(whooshing)
(battle music)
Argh!
- Fucking Goon.
(grunting)
- [Goon] Akinnis!
Give up already!
Your band of rebels are all but
dead!
Your race is dead.
Sil is the true law of this
planet!
Can't you see that?
- Sil's days are numbered. the
royal four
will return to put him down.
- [Goon] You were once a
revered soldier of Merc.
a legend of your race.
but look at you now.
Running around. looking for
ghosts with a band of misfits.
What would your dead family
think?
(laughs)
- Shut up and just die!
(action music)
(snapping)
(whooshing)
- [Creature] Shit. the children.
- Go ahead. kill me!
The kings will be found!
And Sil will be done.
(action music)
(funky music)
- Eric.
Eric.
Eric!
- Yeah. I noticed that.
Hey. you wanna hit that new bar
around the corner after work?
- Naw. I may just stay
home tonight and meditate.
- Meditate?
Look. Raquel's a bitch
bro. she played all of us.
- Yeah maybe.
- Yeah. you need to let her go.
You need to meet me down to the
bar
so we can find another Raquel.
- Huh. what?
- Yeah. I'm just saying.
Damn!
he is going to need a report
on each of these by the 16th.
- The 16th. that only
leaves me 5 days. Monica.
I don't know if--
- Well you need to.
If you have a problem with
it take it up with Mills.
And you know what. that
means you will be fired.
So pick your poison.
- Yeah. yeah. I'll get on it.
it's fine.
- Jimmy. would you mind?
- You know Monika. your horns
are showing.
- Eff you Jimmy!
- That's one crazy bitch.
Hey. five thirty. me. you.
women. new bar?
- Man. you heard that demon.
I gotta get this done by next
week
and I need all the time that I
can get.
- Look. you need to relax and
get laid before you explode.
I'm gonna help you this weekend
and get this project done. okay?
- Come on Jimmy. seriously.
Hey let me ask you something.
Have you ever felt you were
meant for
something larger in life. you
know. like something better
than where we are now?
- What. Eric what are you
talking about?
- You know. like you
were meant for something
more meaningful that can change
the world?
- Eric are you smoking your
socks?
- I'm serious Jimmy.
I feel like something big
is coming my way real soon.
- I hope so. boobs. in your
face.
- I'm serious bro. I
don't know what it is.
but something is coming.
- All I know is. you need to get
laid.
You need to meet me tonight. at
the bar.
with the bitches.
[Mysterious Voices] Help us.
hurry.
Help us. hurry.
- Jimmy. stop screwing around.
- [Mysterious Voices] Come back.
help us.
- Jimmy. you know what.
if you're out there.
- [Mysterious Voices] Remember.
- Jimmy?
Anybody?
I think I'll have those drinks
now.
- Let's do a toast. hey. my man
Eric!
- [Crowd] Eric!
(cheering)
- Hey Jimmy. hey everyone.
thank you. thank you.
- Glad to see you're gonna
live a little bit. huh?
- Yeah yeah. I just needed
to take a break. that's all.
- Look. Mills and watchdog.
don't worry about them. man.
we'll get you a job somewhere
else.
- Yeah. true. I just
don't want to start over
somewhere else with some new
assholes and new ass rules.
- There's gonna be assholes
you're gonna deal with in life.
all the time. E.
Your job is not let them
get you in your heart.
- Yeah. thanks Jimmy.
you made sense for once.
- Oh. you're trying to
be Mr Funny Man now. huh?
- Hey Jim.
buy me a drink Jimmy.
- What's in it for me?
- Think of something.
- Slick. let me get another two.
(footsteps)
- Ahem.
- Oh hi.
- I'm Sofia.
- Sofia. er. hi. I'm Eric. Eric
Wilson.
- Go Eric!
- Oh. I'm sorry. were you
sitting here?
- I just saw you with your
friend.
He look like he'd rather buy
drinks
than hang with hims friend.
- Well you have to get to know
Jimmy
to understand that he's a good
guy.
Oh. I'm sorry. would you like to
sit down?
- [Sofia] Thank you.
- Is everything all right. did
I spill something on my face.
or did I spill something on
myself?
- No. no you look good.
- Oh.
- You just look familiar. that's
all.
- So. erm. do you come here
often?
Oh no no no. that was so
bad. I'm sorry. just. I'm.
- Relax.
(laughs)
- And that's why got
punished for two weeks.
- So I guess you played it
safe and became an analyst.
- Yeah. I guess you could say
that.
It pays the bills. but um.
can I ask you something?
No no. nevermind. forget it.
- Too late. what is it?
- Well.
sometimes I feel that I'm
destined for bigger things.
like something important
is going to happen
and I can be free of
this everyday hum drum.
I don't know. it' just crazy
talk. but.
- Not at all. I believe that
everyone was someone else
at one time or another
in another life. if you
believe in that sort of things.
- Actually. I do. I feel like
I'm built
in a different day and age.
you know like at a different
time.
and I have the ability
to make a positive impact
in people's lives.
- Well. let's talk about
going somewhere different.
- Sure. yeah. where would you
like to go?
- I know this great lounge
across town
that makes great wings.
- Wings and a lounge. sign me
up.
- I'll get the cab.
- And I'll be back.
You got this Eric. you got this.
Can't screw this up. all right.
You're a man. you're a man.
We can do this.
- I got it. crazy!
- [Eric] So what's this
place called again?
- [Sofia] I forget.
but I already told the driver
where to go.
(groaning)
(birds calling)
- Where am I?
Where is everybody?
Jimmy?
Sofia?
(screeching)
What is that?
(yelling)
(leaves rustling)
(sinister music)
(screeching)
Get away from me!
Get off me!
- [Figure] Come on. get up.
they'll be back soon. move!
(action music)
- Is it one of therm?
- Yes.
- Is it a king. or the queen?
- King. perhaps.
- Can you tell if he has
realized yet?
- I don't believe he has
realized who he is. yet.
This cloak over his location
I haven't felt before.
- Sire. who is this king
you are concerned with?
- Cayla. do you remember when
your father had you put away?
For you own good. he said.
Said your ways were. how did
he put it. unconventional.
- [Cayla] Yes.
- But you didn't believe that.
Slaughtering your entire
family was mighty cold.
Overkill. perhaps.
But you were simply
nourishing your true nature.
The real Cayla was born that
night.
- Yes. a glorious evening it
was.
- This king wants to destroy
everything we've built
and stand in the way of our
progress.
- Yes. sire. but.
haven't we killed all
of the opposing kings?
- Not this one.
This is one returned.
One of those who imprisoned
Yahzeel
two thousand years ago.
I just can't be sure which one
it is.
- The legend?
Of the queen and three kings.
I thought that was a myth.
- This is no myth. he is one of
them.
And you need to make him go
away.
Go and make him a myth for me.
and bring me back his head.
- It would be a pleasure. sire.
I can't wait to taste
the blood of an ancient.
How would I identify him?
- He will stand out.
He'll be the one they all
protect.
Go. be quick. he'll be a
bigger problem if he realizes.
- Sil. the children.
I feel they're in some sort of
pain.
That's impossible.
with ancient magic. well the
ancient magic can affect them.
So either his protector is well-
versed.
or the ancient essence
running through his veins
is enough to protect him.
- Maybe not. maybe it was
the level of intensity
and energy that we unleashed
in our last takeover.
It could have made a rip between
worlds.
- No. I would have felt it.
I didn't feel it open this time.
We gotta field this king.
This is not good.
- Sil. our time is here and now.
We need to find and resurrect
Yahzeel immediately.
and end this fear of kings and
queens.
You are the only king.
You are the only real king
Ressear needs.
Everything is yours.
One Cayla Find and kills that
creature.
he will be a myth once more.
Let's continue with the plan
and become the god you are meant
to be.
- You are something. aren't you?
Prepare the plane for
home. we have much to do.
(snarls)
- [Figure] Come. on come on.
move.
(panting)
Come on. come on.
- Wait. wait. wait.
(grunts)
(chants words)
(groaning)
Look. look. look. I
have money int he bank.
I can give you it. I promise.
if you let me go I won't
say anything to anyone.
I don't even know--
- [Figure] Be quiet!
Does anything look familiar to
you?
- No. no. it doesn't.
- Hello. Eric.
- Sofia?
Whoa re you?
Why. why are you dressed liked
that?
What the fuck is going on?
- You are the beginning
piece of saving our planet.
- Saving our planet?
Look. I don't know what
kind of drugs you're on.
but I know a facility that
can help you with that--
- Shut up. and listen to me!
You need to remember who you
really are.
Remember when you told me
about a feeling you had
of being part of something
larger?
Something important.
something worth fighting for?
Well that day is today.
Welcome back. sire.
- Sire?
What?
(mysterious music)